we have a take out And it's that Raquel bollo
has pronounced the comment Because
also she doesn't work the producer of
your work María patiñola you have to
sell your opinion I like
things to be said up front I want the
gossip I want something to do yes I wanted to discuss
with you a topic that I just saw
in three gossip
and I was freaking out we know he's
watching this between gossip and I was
freaking out It turns out there's a
paparazzi named Diego Arrabal who
well came to YouTube and it was in a very
very sly way Because he came to
YouTube he hung out with us he acted
like a buddy our fool of us who
let ourselves get close well we are
fools we were fools handsome and I
let ourselves up above
notice that I criticized down below even
because [ __ ] it isn't like that Diego
was in magazines I don't know what but
then he screwed us okay Diego
Arrabal well look at what was out today what was
coming out today man
You're going to freak out do you remember the
things that happened to Greg
for  Driving at 180 do you remember no Greg
about the McLaren car and all that nonsense that
Willy was telling there are
consequences no I mean you don't have to be I mean I
think that this man when he
did what he did today he is not the
smartest in the class today there was controversy in
the world of lordship
well because they have played Isabel
Pantoja again Isabel Pantoja I'm sure you know
who she is Even in Latin America because
she gives a concert there I'm sure you
have mothers who are fans Isabel
Pantoja no today was a trial Isabel
Pantoja and they are asking for three years in
prison and such no and people are
criticizing
the humiliation that the paparazzi inflicted on her
because you are Here sitting in
court and the trial was
open to the press and the paparazzi a
little more sit down you skull
okay it has been a tremendous humiliation
But in the end Hey girl Look
honey I don't wish anyone bad of
course but man
my daughter where have you gotten yourself into where have you gotten yourself
into but the issue is no longer the
humiliation that they have inflicted on her here the
issue is that this one in particular
Diego Arrabal okay, he
takes it and we were amazed because he did
this live and he was there for 15 minutes, almost
the entire duration of the live broadcast, which is 13
minutes and a bit,
driving on this
Marbella highway, which I know which one it is because I spend
the summer here, I know all this, I
know all this perfectly, he
stopped on the side of the road
to start the live broadcast
because he stopped on the side of the road, I don't know if
only to start the live broadcast or also on the
way to wait there for
Isabel Pantoja to recognize the car
that passes by, okay. Here we see how two
or three times he
lowers the camera, I personally think, I do
n't know if it's like that or not, or maybe it's just
my illusions, but I think that when he lowers the
camera it's because maybe he sees a
police car or whoever it is that
could set him up or whatever, okay, I believe
this. What speed is it set to
normal speed, look,
and when he lowers the camera we see why
he's acting like a fool, he's
taking people for fools because on
some occasions he starts talking as if he
were talking to someone, as if
he wasn't recording, okay. But if
we see each other here when he lowers the camera  he's
alone in the car he has the laptop
down here at his feet which I know why he
takes the laptop because one day he
explained it to me and this he takes the laptop in case
the live fails and he has to do
something from the laptop okay And that the
seat is empty he's alone okay And the
guy has been spending almost fifteen minutes
on the highway
with the selfie stick or whatever gadget he's
carrying and the gadget he's
carrying is no small thing I mean look at
the gadget he's carrying to
interview or to be live this
because here we see the gadget look look look
at the reflection of
Isabel Pantoja's car eh Look There's Diego
Arrabal
Look at what he's carrying
Look what he's carrying
I don't know if if he was driving he had
the same name driving Maybe he
had his mobile phone alone no
but look at how he's doing the
live broadcast I don't know if now in Elche he doesn't
have the device and he only has the mobile phone
a stick Sergio whatever he has okay
we hope if you're watching the live broadcast
he's recording from the driver's perspective he
's recording from the Control's perspective
but look at the movements
dude  look at this part of the live
man
look here eh
That's the [ __ ] done
looking back and everything eh
looking back
and also if you've already followed the famous person or the
famous person if you've already taken the photo in
court which is where it matters
why the [ __ ] do you want to see where she's
staying
okay but he followed her to the
house where she is and he showed us all
the street the house amazing
amazing
look at this part
Look at this part
come on record there record there because he goes to
Guadalmina Baja record there you can see that
someone would be telling him something in the
chat because in the chat they are giving him a
beating that I don't see and you can see that someone
is saying something to him that he has started to
take him for fools to take
his audience for a fool record there
and now there's a moment of residence and
so many well-known people he is
explaining all the characters that
live there in this residence
one of the organizations with the most
pedigrees
and pay attention to this moment look at the
movements he makes with the camera Okay
and pay attention to this look
here you can hear a river a noise Like a
click
and here I imagine where the
lawyer lives I think  I because something else doesn't
add up mine I
think it's the seatbelt alarm I
think eh it
's a dead end So they're going here for
sure
and they're entering here what keeps
beeping it seems more and more intense
in this house
[Music] that one
Beeping louder turn it off you
're looking at the door eh I don't know but I do
n't think so because now you can hear a
noise Look I think it's the
seatbelt it's getting more and more
intense in this house
[Music]
on your seatbelt because look at the
speed he gets out of the car look he
brakes the car it's silver
and he gets out on his side Chinese watafak
Thank you very much I mean he gets out on his side
no he doesn't have a companion recording he gets
out look and also you can hear the
noise simply from the door
Okay and look now what he's doing
where does Isabel have inside the other car
the number has the street the number
Look now what makes you go
crazy they are not not
satisfied with having shown us
the street the way the number
notice that this has a fence he is
showing notice that any crazy person
who hates Isabel Pantoja And with everything that he
has  now he's getting revenge Here he
starts throwing things around or
some [ __ ] like that, you know, I mean, how are you
going to show us the way to
record home, man, it's incredible
but look what he's doing now, look at his
balls, look, he
tried to record under the
door, man, he
door, man,
I think that I don't really know, I don't know
if he's aware of what he's done
because now we not only have the
chase after Isabel Pantoja to her
house,
put the chase on her, show us the
way live on the street, the street number, and
put the cell phone underneath to
record inside the house, man who has just
been convicted because they were
accusing you of recording inside I don't know what
bungalows, that
's not it anymore, it's what you did with
the car, man,
live, I mean, everyone is watching, it's
not like you did it Because
maybe one day you go and say, I'm in a hurry, I'm going
oh, I went instead of 100 I went
110, well, nobody's watching me,
no, no, of course, because
traffic rules must be respected.
Well, look,
I'm going to jump a red light, okay  There's no
one, damn it. No, no, it's not like the kid is the smartest in class, recording you and [ __ ]
live with thousands of people
watching what you're doing,
mother of God.
[Music]